Update docs to reflect change from address to inboxIds (#149)
xmtp/docs-xmtp-org: docs/pages/upgrade-to-v3.md

The process to upgrade an app built with XMTP V2 to V3 is designed to be straightforward, with most functions in V3 working as they did in V2. However, there are some notable differences, which we cover here.

:::info[Key takeaways]

> - **Primary XMTP identifier is now a flexible identity object, not an Ethereum address** as covered in this document.

Reviewer: Primary XMTP identifier is now a inboxId instead of an Ethereum address. This inbox can have a list of identities including ethereum addresses as well as other types in the future like passkeys and bitcoin.

> - **Primary XMTP identifier is now a flexible identity object, not an Ethereum address** as covered in this document.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Primary XMTP identifier is now an inboxId instead of an Ethereum address**. As covered further in this document, this inbox can have a list of identities including Ethereum addresses as well as other types in the future, such as Passkeys and Bitcoin**.
```

- 🟢 **The agent upgrade path is ready**. For detailed guidance, [open an issue](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-js/issues) in the Node SDK GitHub repo.

## Primary XMTP identifier is now an inbox ID, not an Ethereum address

XMTP is evolving from using Ethereum account addresses (0x...) as the primary identifier to an inbox-based identity model. This change allows for broader support of different authentication mechanisms, including the currently supported [Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs) and Smart Contract Wallets (SCWs)](/inboxes/build-inbox#create-an-account-signer), as well as future support for Passkeys and other identity types.

Instead of assuming an Ethereum address as the unique identifier, developers should default to using the `inboxId`, where possible. An `inboxId` has a list of identity objects that explicitly includes the identity type (kind) and identifier. Some identity types, like Passkeys, do not have an associated onchain address, so using the `inboxId` provides a consistent way to identify users across different authentication methods.

For example:

```json
[
  {
    "kind": "ETHEREUM",
    "identifier": "0x1234567890abcdef1234567890abcdef12345678",

>     "relyingPartner": null

Author: ```suggestion

```

  },
  {
    "kind": "PASSKEY", // not yet supported; provided as an example only.
    "identifier": "AQIDBAUGBwgJCgsMDQ4PEBESExQVFhcYGRobHB0eHyAhIiMk",

>     "relyingPartner": "NameOfAppUsedToCreatePasskey"

Author: ```suggestion

```

- 🟢 **The agent upgrade path is ready**. For detailed guidance, [open an issue](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-js/issues) in the Node SDK GitHub repo.

## Primary XMTP identifier is now a flexible identity object, not an Ethereum address

> XMTP is evolving from using Ethereum account addresses (0x...) as the primary identifier to a more flexible identity model. This change allows for broader support of different authentication mechanisms, including the currently supported Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs) and Smart Contract Wallets (SCWs), as well as future support for Passkeys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XMTP is evolving from using Ethereum account addresses (0x...) as the primary identifier to a inbox based identity model. This change allows for broader support of different authentication mechanisms, including the currently supported Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs) and Smart Contract Wallets (SCWs), as well as future support for Passkeys.
```

> Instead of assuming an Ethereum address as the unique identifier, developers now define an identity object that explicitly includes the identity type (kind) and the identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of assuming an Ethereum address as the unique identifier, developers should default to using the inboxId where possible. Inboxes however will have a list of identity objects that explicitly includes the identity type (kind) and the identifier.
```

> With this new model, apps reference identities or inbox IDs, rather than Ethereum addresses. Some identity types (like Passkeys) do not have an associated address, so identities and inbox IDs provide a consistent way to identify users across different authentication methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this new model, apps reference users by inboxIDs, rather than Ethereum addresses. An inboxId will have a list of identities. Some identity types (like Passkeys) do not have an associated on chain address, so using the inbox IDs provide a consistent way to identify users across different authentication methods.
```

Reviewer: [{ETHERUM, 0x23984937452}, {PASSKEY, askdfjaskdfhkajsd}]

> 

Author: ```suggestion
For example:

```json
[
  {
    "kind": "ETHEREUM",
    "identifier": "0x1234567890abcdef1234567890abcdef12345678",
    "relyingPartner": null
  },
  {
    "kind": "PASSKEY",
    "identifier": "AQIDBAUGBwgJCgsMDQ4PEBESExQVFhcYGRobHB0eHyAhIiMk",
    "relyingPartner": "NameOfAppUsedToCreatePasskey"
  }
]
```
```

| Create client | `client.createFromKeyBundle` | `client.build` |
| Sign a message | `client.privateKeyBundle.sign(message)` | `client.signWithInstallationKey(message)` |
| Verify a signature | `Signature.verify(signature)` | `client.verifyInstallationSignature(message, signature, installationId)` |

> | Manage consent | `client.contacts.consentList` | `client.preferences.getInboxIdConsent(inboxId)` |

Author: shall we add a v2 vs v3 example for new conversation?
